Up to now we use the official Mongo DB driver to interact with our database.
And while this worked fine in general we saw that it was a bit cumbersome at some points.
Turns out there is a better solution for this database interaction.
And this solution is Mongoose mongoose is a third party library and it builds up on the official multiple
driver but it makes this interaction with demography database a lot more convenient Mongoose uses so-called
schemas and schemas allow you to define the structure of the documents you want to store in your database.
Now in case you have a requirement of such structured data as we do it for example then These schemas
make storing and fetching data from the database a lot more convenient in case you don't have the requirement
of such structured data.
So if you have unstructured data in your project this might not be the perfect solution though Mongoose
can also be used with unstructured data.
As a side note but for our purposes your mongoose is a very nice helper.
Therefore let's install it right now by using npm install dash dash save mongoose.
This would install Mongoose now and mongoose will allow us to connect to our database server and will
also allow us to create and get data now for a little project here storing and getting data means storing
and getting products.
Therefore we not have to create the schema for a product.